NERO: Previously on
Sons of Anarchy...
TYLER:
August is spinning out, man.
He's afraid that the streets
are gonna blow up
as he's trying to close
this deal in Piedmont.
It's a huge
government housing project.
Is that the one
where his partner's MIA?
Yeah, Haddem.
He's a pastor
over at Piedmont Grace.
JAX:
The pantyhose preacher.
-Oh!
-CHIBS: Yup.
-So what do you need from us?
-The wife Loutreesha...
He wants me to sign off,
making him a partner.
GRANT: She can't just
hand it over to some gangsters.
She can,
if she wants you two alive.
My club wants me dead.
I need to get to Mexico.
What makes you think
I'd help you?
Give you any intel
you want on SAMCRO.
The DA's getting
pressure to offer Lin a deal.
You think they're trying
to get Lin to give up the MC?
Shit! I got to go.
-UNSER: What the hell happened?
-GEMMA: Juice freaked out.
That don't make sense.
If you ratted him out, Jax would
find out you helped him.
It, it don't matter why.
-He couldn't pull the trigger.
-This time.
DA knows Henry Lin's
warring with the MC.
This is how
we tie him to Tara's murder.
I'm not talking to the cops.
You tell Jarry or I do.
Alvarez wants to talk.
We got someone
you've been looking for.
Shit!
What the hell is this?!
ALVAREZ: Showed up at
the store wanting to trade
club secrets for a one-way
ticket to Puerto Vallarta.
Big move.
JAX:
What do you want?
I want the gun business.
I'd need more
than just Juice.
ALVAREZ:
How much more?
I need you to give the AB
a piece of the prison trade.
Takes care of a debt to Tully.
Let him distribute in Stockton.
You split Lin's
heroin turf with Tyler 50/50.
How do we handle Marks?
You take him out... together.
Lin will most likely
start his sentence here.
Parole violations.
I'm gonna need access to him.
Why don't we burn that cross
when we get to it?
ALVAREZ: Just for the record,
even if we couldn't make a deal,
I would've never made one
with with a rat.
Thank you, brother.
(bird cawing)
I'm sorry.
(bird caws in distance)
(engines start)
(wind whistling)
(door closes)
-Hey.
Lockdown's over.
Yeah. That's good.
Did you take Abel to school?
Yeah.
He didn't want to go.
He was okay by the time
I dropped him off,
but he seems really...
I don't know.
Something's up.
He seems more distant every day.
He'll be fine.
Hey.
What's going on?
You see Jax or any of
the guys this morning?
No, not since last night.
Why?
They have Juice.
Shit!
How?
Doesn't matter.
Do you think he told
them about us?
I don't know.
Look...
this shit with Juice...
is on me.
You want to split, I get it.
No.
I'm done running, Gem.
I'm here.
Yeah.
Okay.
I know how hard you're trying.
So do they.
(quiet laugh)
Okay, if you...
hear anything, I'll be at TM.
If Juice did tell him,
what do you think Jax'll do?
Honestly...
I don't know.
That's what scares me.
(door closes)
(indistinct chatter)
(motorcycle engine revving)
Officers taking fire!
Request backup!
(sirens wailing)
(tires screech)
♪ Riding through this world ♪
♪ All alone ♪
♪ God takes your soul ♪
♪ You're on your own ♪
♪ The crow flies straight ♪
♪ A perfect line ♪
♪ On the devil's bed ♪
♪ Until you die ♪
♪ Gotta look this life ♪
♪ In the eye. ♪
UNSER: Hey.
Can I bend your ear
for a minute?
JAX: Yeah.
Eglee's awake.
That's great!
Yeah.
She say what happened?
Only to me.
Which was?
Told me about who was there
when they got ambushed.
But what you need to know is
what she's not gonna say.
And are you sure about that?
Yeah.
As long as she's not in
anybody's crosshairs.
Especially the kind
that look like swastikas.
She's not.
I need your word.
Nothing is gonna happen to her.
And I'll make sure her memory
stays vague about the MC.
Did you push her
in that direction?
No.
She went to high school
with you, son.
She loves this town.
Just wants it to stay whole.
I want the same for her.
Well, for the record,
we had nothing to do
with what happened.
I've always liked Eglee.
Yeah.
I get it.
Not that it matters.
Any, uh, word on Juice?
No, as far as I know,
he's still missing.
Why don't you
stick around and watch.
Cocks and Bagels
is gonna be huge.
(sighs)
(sirens wailing)
(sirens stop)
CHP OFFICER:
Let me see your hands!
Hands on your head-- now!
OFFICER:
Do it now!
Hands on your head!
Take him to the ground.
(grunting)
(handcuffs clicking)
Good boy, Ratty.
Yeah.
You guys head to Piedmont now.
CHP's got Juice.
One piece.
I know this is a big risk.
But the boy will do
what he was told.
This is all he wants.
Well, he did have
a million chances to run.
JAX: If he stays on plan,
Tully will set him up
to finally kill Lin.
HAPPY: And if he chokes?
And we become his leverage?
Then Tully'll kill Juice.
Did you find
the right spot for the pastor?
TIG: Yeah.
They're starting to break ground
on Pope's commercial row.
Just outside of Montclair.
Middle of nowhere.
Only a project manager on site.
He's gone by noon.
We'll put him someplace sacred.
(laughs quietly)
Good.
Did you reach out
to Tyler and Alvarez?
Aye.
Tyler's set.
Mayans are in all the way.
(sighs)
I'd be lying if I said
I didn't see this coming.
I hoped we could end Lin
without severing our ties
to August, but...
(quiet laugh)
I knew the odds.
We're gonna find out
who ratted us out to Lin.
And we should be
getting something back
from Coletti
about the guy Jury knew.
Figuring out how he disappeared
should shed some light.
But I knew,
even without the rat...
we'd end up going head to head
with Marks at some point.
And he's not Pope...
but this is more
than just another street beef.
He's got money.
He can buy protection, intel.
His political sway is growing.
I'm not sure how deep that goes.
That's why we need to handle him
with leverage, not blood.
That choice
puts us all here at risk.
Our families, too.
I need you to know that.
We know that, Jackie boy.
BOBBY:
There is an upside.
The Niners and the Mayans
are right there with us.
Those are important
relationships.
JAX: Yeah.
(Jax sighs)
Your loyalty...
and faith in me
over the last few weeks...
I can't express my gratitude.
This vengeance was personal.
And all of you have allowed me
to bring it here.
I know I keep asking for way
more than the patch requires.
And never once
have any of you hesitated
or had a blink of doubt.
I don't think I'm gonna be able
to repay that debt.
You are my family.
I love all of you.
CHIBS: Yeah.
We love you, Jackie.
JAX: All right.
(door opens)
Hey.
I, uh, just heard from Jarry.
Juice fired shots at some CHPs.
They brought him down
on, uh, 580.
Why'd he shoot at cops?
I don't know.
He ain't saying shit.
He went full mute soon as they
put cuffs on him.
Probably best he's inside.
Maybe the boy will get his
head straight in there.
JAX: Thanks, man.
GEMMA: Thanks, sweetheart.
Sure.
You know you could
talk to me, right?
I'm aware
I'm some kind of mascot.
The guys think I'm a joke
and stuff...
...but I'm a good listener, Gem.
(car approaching)
You're not a joke, Chucky.
Hey.
Thought you went to Diosa.
NERO: I was.
You, uh,
you hear any more on Juice?
No.
You see Jax?
No, not yet.
I'm headed over
to Red Woody, though.
I wanted to talk with you first.
About?
Uh, it's time for me
to make a decision, Gem.
About what's next.
What's right.
What're you talking about?
I tried to get back my rhythm
when I was running
my crew... again.
I don't know.
I guess it
made me feel... vital?
You are vital.
Not on the street,
mama, not anymore.
This thing that happened
with the Chinese,
I just made it worse.
And I almost got myself killed.
(sighs)
So I was talking to my, uh,
Tio Benny in Norco, my uncle.
He'll give me his farm
for an even mil,
if I can come up
with 150 cash as a down.
I'm gonna sell Jax
my piece of Diosa.
I'm gonna take Lucius,
and, uh, I'm gonna just...
Perfect.
I want you to come with me.
I can't leave my family.
You wouldn't have to.
The boys... the boys,
they're gonna,
they're gonna
love it out there.
I'm not gonna run away.
No, no.
It-It's not running away.
It's us having a place
that we can run to.
I want you with me.
Us. This is about us.
Look, I can't.
There's-there's just
too much shit going on.
Yeah, I know.
I know.
I'm sorry I'm just putting more
stuff on top of everything else.
But after these last few days...
Before you say no...
just think about it a little.
Okay?
(Nero sighs)
Take into consideration all the
bad shit that's happened here.
(sniffles)
(sighs)
We deserve something
better, Gemma.
Do we?
Yes, baby, yes.
We do, we do.
I got serious love for you.
I love you, too.
(sniffles)
Okay.
I'll think about it.
Thank you.
See you later?
Sure.
(car door opens)
(door shuts, engine starts)
You hear anything?
Uh, yeah.
Juice got picked up for, uh,
firing shots at highway patrol.
What?
Exactly.
They caught him out on 580.
He's in County.
Did Juice say anything to Jax?
I'm not sure.
But I could tell
that they already knew
he'd been picked up.
They're working Juice, Gemma.
Using him for something.
Christ.
I'm gonna need a few days
to find a place
to park the shithole.
If that's okay.
Hey, Wayne.
Don't go.
But I, uh, thought...
No, I... I'm sorry.
And I-I know I said that.
I just...
I don't want anyone else
leaving me.
(sniffles)
(Unser grunts)
GRANT: Look, I don't know
what you want,
but my mother's in no condition
to talk to anyone.
She doesn't have a choice.
We did what you said.
She signed the deal
for August Marks.
Now please, just leave us alone.
Signing it bought you some time,
but for Marks,
that's just the beginning.
He's gonna suck every dime
out of this place
and level it for condos.
We can help you.
If you help us.
(sighs)
She's starting to bend.
I'm trying to take her down
a little every day.
Why don't you
put her in detox?
It's too public.
We can help with that, too.
We haven't lied to you yet.
(sighs)
(quietly):
Keep an eye out.
We know for sure your
husband was killed.
It was August Marks.
Sweet Lord.
Sorry.
LOUTREESHA:
How do you know?
JAX:
We've been watching Marks.
We saw a couple of his thugs
burying a body
at a Pope construction site.
And you dug it up?
(sighs)
Jesus.
We can show you a picture.
No.
W-What do you want from us?
I need your help
to stop Marks.
If we don't act now,
he is gonna destroy
what's left
of both our families.
Hmm?
My wife was murdered
a few weeks ago.
Oh, my God.
What do you want her to do?
Just... tell the truth.
Just having proof
that there's a body
on one of his properties is not
gonna be enough of a threat.
But if you sign
a statement saying
that he threatened you
and your husband into signing
that housing deal...
that's motive for murder.
That'll ruin him.
That's a threat with teeth.
Then why not
just have him arrested?
'Cause then
he has nothing to lose
and he'll have you both killed.
JAX: Look, the leverage
of him losing an empire
he can almost touch...
that's gonna be enough
to back Marks off.
You keep the death photos of
your husband and your statement
with an informed third party.
That's what keeps you safe.
Protects your church...
your husband's legacy.
LOUTREESHA:
You need to tell him.
Tell me what?
One of my
stepfather's... suppliers...
has been blackmailing us.
He has cell phone footage
of Jonathan with...
very young men
at the lake house.
And you can see pictures of my
mother and me in the background.
I don't have any
more money to pay him.
When that comes out,
the church's reputation
and my credibility
will be ruined.
I mean, I-I'm afraid my
statement against Mr. Marks
won't provide much leverage.
I'm sorry.
You're talking about a pimp?
He goes by the name
Greensleeves.
Oakland P.O. box.
We can handle your
blackmail problem.
But I need to know
you're with us on Marks.
We have a cabin
a few hours from here.
My guys could take you up there.
I'll have my mom come out, she
can help taper you off the junk.
She's done it
with a few of my guys.
We can get you well.
(Loutreesha sobs)
Oh, baby, I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry
I brought him into your life.
No, Mama, Mama,
it's not your fault. Okay?
It's not your fault.
I am still here.
I'll...
I'll give you your statement.
(sniffles)
All right, this is it.
All right?
(Loutreesha sobs)
All right, have her sign it and
then you sign it as a witness.
Make me a copy and that's what
I'll bring to Marks.
CHIBS: This'll keep her even
through the night.
I'll have you follow one
of my guys up to the cabin.
My mom will be there
as soon as she can.
Okay.
Look, I'm sorry your
family got caught
in the middle of this,
but you need to trust me.
This is the only move.
Do you believe in God?
What's important is that you do.
All right, go on.
You mom needs you.
Call Nero.
See if he knows our pimp.
You're taking a road trip.
All right.
JAX: They're gonna follow you
up to the cabin.
Make sure you keep them
in your sights, okay?
You got it, boss.
All right, call Gemma.
Tell her I need her
at the cabin.
What do we tell her?
That I need her
at the cabin.
Mm-hmm.
What if she says no?
Your mom can, you know,
be a little... difficult.
Are you afraid of my mother?
We all are.
JAX:
She doesn't need details.
Just... tell her I got a
mother-son issue,
a family problem
that needs some help.
I'll call her when I get there.
CHIBS:
Nero's going to meet us.
Jimmy's on Lancer.
JAX:
All right, let's do it.
(engines revving)
NERO: And what do you want
with Greensleeves?
Or shouldn't I ask?
Just want to talk to the fella.
Yeah.
Semiautomatic discussion?
He's trying to blackmail
a friend of ours.
Innocent people
are gonna get hurt.
That's the truth.
Adam Greenblat.
He's been
in the game for a while.
You know where he hustles?
NERO: Out on Mission.
Near the Blade.
You think
you could I.D. him?
Oh, yeah.
Yo, when it's done...
I need ten minutes.
Diosa stuff.
Okay.
JUICE:
Why am I being isolated?
I should be in GP!
(distant conversations echoing)
(engine revs)
Guy by the Hummer.
You need me?
No.
I think we got it.
I'm here, mano.
I'm gonna hang back.
All right, cool.
That dot-head's
batshit crazy, G.
He almost
broke my arm the last time.
-Oh!
-GREENSLEEVES: Like that?
-Like this?
-WINSOME: Shit, G...
-Is that what he did?
-WINSOME: Ah, yes!
-Tell me, does it hurt?
-WINSOME: Yes!
Ow.
Ow...
Oh, no, baby,
see, it don't hurt.
What it does
is it makes you stronger.
See, that Iranian,
he is paying for
the privilege of
making you stronger.
See, now, my other girls,
see, they can't handle that.
They ain't brave like you.
They ain't special, are they?
No.
See, that's my champion.
My golden girl.
My Winsome, lose none.
Come on, baby,
who puts the "O" in "ho"?
(Winsome giggles)
-I do.
-Who puts the "O" in "ho"?
-That's right.
See, that's my girl.
My perfect player.
Now, I don't want
to hear no more talk
about you refusing customers.
See these limbs?
They are way too precious.
Right?
WINSOME: Yeah.
I'm sorry, I...
(knocking on Hummer)
Excuse me, kids.
Sorry to interrupt,
but I'm looking for a guy
called Adam Greenblat.
Do you know
where I can find him?
Never heard of him.
How 'bout a pastor named Haddem?
You heard of him?
Wrong tribe.
Why don't you leather boys
hop back up on your scooters
and get the hell off my block?
(grunting)
-(indistinct yelling)
-NERO: Shit.
Hey!
CHIBS:
Hey! Arsehole!
JAX: Hey!
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
WINSOME: Aah! Help!
JAX: Shh!
(Winsome screaming incoherently)
Shh, shh!
Shut up!
I'm not gonna hurt you.
Shh.
Hey, maybe she,
uh, maybe she wants
to clean up a little bit.
You know?
Work in a nicer environment?
What's your name, darling?
We got an offer to make you.
Winsome.
CHIBS:
Ah.
That's lovely.
Don't be mean.
We need to find
Greensleeves.
We just want some information.
Yeah?
If I give it to you,
he'll cut my lips off.
Guess that'd be bad
for business, eh?
What's your offer?
Get you off the street.
More money.
Nicer employer.
"Diosa Escorts."
(laughs)
I'm not really the girl
you take to the opera
before I swallow your cock.
Well, most of our girls
work in-house.
You get
to set your own schedule.
Choose the guys
you want to work with.
That's right.
And ain't no one cutting your
lips off for making a mistake.
So... what, you'd be my pimp?
JAX: Your employer.
Who'd break anyone's arm, they
so much as lay a hand on you.
That's kind of sweet.
Yeah, we're all very sweet.
Come on, darlin'.
Where can we find the Jew pimp?
NERO: Winsome, we'll get you
out of here right now.
You will never have to deal
with him again.
Not to sound "anti-semantic,"
but the whole Jew thing, I think
it's kind of bullshit.
He's got a foreskin that almost
reaches his knees.
(Chibs sniffs)
We'll be sure
to keep an eye out for that.
Tell us where we can find him,
sweetheart.
GREENSLEEVES:
Now! I need it now!
What do you mean
you can't get here?
I'll pick it up.
Yeah!
It don't matter, all right?
I need it.
-Ah-ah!
-HOOKER: Do you know these guys?
Look, get the
hell out, man, all right?
Get the hell out of here!
We just want the phone
with the pastor.
GREENSLEEVES:
And all I want you to do
is suck my dick, all right?
How the hell did you guys
find me?
Don't matter.
I will slit
her throat wide open.
What?
You think I give a shit
about one of your
strung-out whores?
Why is he so mad?
-(silenced gunshot)
-Aah!
Oh...
That sucks.
Time for a nap, love.
JAX: Get up.
CHIBS: Night-night.
JAX: Get up!
(Greensleeves groaning)
Phone with the preacher--
where is it?
It's on the table, man,
it's the Android on the table!
GREENSLEEVES:
Who talked to you, huh?
Was it Winsome?
That weak, little, crazy skank.
She cave on me?
Got it.
GREENSLEEVES: I don't know
who you guys are,
but I'm gonna find you.
Isn't there some kind of
rule in your religion
about tattoos and suicide?
You can't get into heaven
or something?
Yeah, you can't
be buried with your family.
Like I give a shit.
Yeah, that's cool.
(Greensleeves yells)
(moans, grunts)
That was a very sloppy suicide.
Yeah?
It worked.
He's dead.
CHIBS: Aye.
What about his junk mate?
Ah, she ain't gonna
remember shit.
Shalom.
JAX: Appreciate you
helping out.
Been a rough month, mano.
Yeah.
I want you to buy me out, Jax.
Why?
Why do you think?
Look, man,
I know I haven't dealt
with all this
stuff very well.
NERO: No, it's not that.
I should've listened to my gut.
Walked away a few months ago.
It's all gonna calm down, Nero.
Look, Lin's gone.
We're good with the Mayans.
I'm making shit right
with August.
It's gonna be business as usual,
man, I promise.
You promise.
Sorry, mano.
I've heard that a few times.
I know.
Need a lift?
No. I'll wait for the flatbed.
Okay.
I should get her over to Diosa.
It's no rush.
I don't think Greensleeves
is gonna be able
to hurt her no more.
See you later.
And you wonder
why I want out, huh?
Are you a gangster?
I don't think so.
(engine starts)
Tyler.
He can meet us here.
Ten minutes.
All right, good.
(car door shuts)
(van doors shut)
-GEMMA: Where's Jax?
-Oakland.
He wants you
to come with us.
Where?
The cabin.
Club business.
I need to talk to Jax.
No, he said he'll call you.
I got, I got
a lot of shit to do in here
and, uh, I just can't...
It's a mother-son thing.
Family problem needs your help.
That's all we can tell you.
HAPPY: He was clear, Gem.
You got to come with us.
And if I said no?
You can say whatever
you want, Mom,
just got to do it
up at the cabin.
For how long?
RAT BOY: Not sure.
Just got to pick up
a few things at my house.
HAPPY: Okay.
(engine starts)
JAX: Here.
Give this to August.
My guys will text you the photo.
Where do you want
to do this meet?
Crescent Park,
near the picnic tables, 6:00.
If he comes with force
or refuses to meet,
tell him that goes to the DA.
You coming deep?
JAX: Mayans will be there.
And us?
Nah, we need to wait on
breaking you away.
I still need you close to him.
(sighs)
Yeah. All right.
Let's just hope he don't kill
the messenger.
(Thomas cooing)
(babbling)
(Quinn coughing)
(Quinn retching)
Amateur.
QUINN: Sorry.
(phone camera clicking)
TIG: Perfect.
Fill it in.
I'll send these pics
to Tyler.
HAPPY: What's up, A-man?
BROOKE:
Why'd they send him home?
He got into a shoving
match with a first grader.
BROOKE: Jesus.
What are they doing here?
They came with Gemma.
Rat won't tell me anything.
He's so different
around the club.
Hmm. Get used to it.
Oh.
My precious Thomas.
Here, baby.
I love you.
I miss you so much.
I have to tell him.
But you're the only one,
sweetheart.
You're the only one who really
needs to know.
I was trying to be a good
grandma.
To help my family.
I love my family.
But accidents...
you know, sometimes, sweetheart,
accidents just happen.
They, they happen for love...
(Thomas fussing)
Yes.
They happen for reasons
we don't understand.
Killing your mommy
was an accident.
It was such...
an awful accident.
I didn't want to kill her.
I didn't mean it.
I loved your mommy so much.
(Thomas crying)
I'm so sorry.
WENDY: Hey.
Why are they taking you
to the cabin?
Jax wants me there.
Oh, hey, Gem,
Jax isn't gonna hurt you.
Come on, you know that.
I mean, he'll be pissed,
but-but he loves...
Who knows
what Juice told him?
What does that mean?
We got to go, Gem.
Yeah.
Here.
Come on, baby.
(whispering):
Tell Nero to come to the cabin.
Okay.
Hey.
Why do you want out, ése?
Seriously?
You had my brown ass
locked in a closet
two days ago.
I had no choice on that.
NERO:
I know... I know.
Colette's gone.
And Lyla, she's running
Red Woody now.
It-It's really
gonna be too much work, man.
And Teller's okay with you
selling your piece to us?
NERO: Business.
He's gonna have to be okay.
Besides, it gives you guys
something to bond over.
-How much?
-NERO: 300K.
I'm gonna need half of that
in cash, upfront.
Yeah, seems fair.
Anything else I need to know
about doing business out here?
Other than the occasional, uh,
Chinese payback...
it's a very quiet place.
Come on, Nero.
I know you ain't afraid
of a few bullets.
I'm just getting too old
to dodge them, homes.
Think about it, hmm?
Let me know.
Yeah.
I'll bring it to the table.
(phone ringing)
Wendy, hey.
What?
What for?
Jesus Christ.
They-they say any...
Yeah, yeah,
I know where it's at, I know.
JAX: Gemma got you
running pickups now?
UNSER: No.
Not yet.
About your mom, uh...
I got a call from Wendy.
Guess Gemma was pretty upset
about having
to go up to the cabin.
What're you talking about?
Said she was crying
and kind of freaked out.
I mean, something going on?
No.
Shit.
Happy.
BOBBY: What the hell
did he say to her?
UNSER: I don't know.
I mean, she is gonna be safe
up there, right, son?
I mean, no grenades
or angry outlaws?
She'll be fine.
All that's done.
Okay.
Hey.
Thanks.
BOBBY:
Maybe I should head up there
and make sure both
mothers are okay.
Yeah, I'd appreciate that.
Take Quinn with you.
You need him.
Tiggy can take the Glide.
I'll take the tank.
All right.
-Thanks, brother.
-BOBBY: Cool.
Okay,
Tyler just confirmed, boss.
August is gonna be there.
Almost home, boys.
(engine starts)
In the bedroom.
I just need some water.
(water shuts off)
Who's this?
RAT BOY: The mother and son.
The... family problem.
That's why you're here.
(Gemma sighs)
♪ ♪
BOBBY:
♪ My one and only prayer ♪
♪ Is that someday you'll care ♪
♪ My hopes, my dreams ♪
♪ Come true... ♪
♪ Some day you'll care for me ♪
♪ But it's only ♪
♪ Make... ♪
(tires squealing)
(grunting, coughing)
(engine hissing)
(groaning)
Oh, shit.
(groans)
ALVAREZ: He's late.
Yeah, we know.
I'll call Tyler.
(sighs)
♪ ♪
Relax.
I'm a friend of Tully's.
♪ ♪
Nero's car.
Hey.
What're you doing here?
Where's Gemma, guys?
I'm here.
I asked him to come.
Does Jax know?
(wry laugh):
Hey...
you pretty much kidnapped me
to help some junkie.
I need another junkie
to do that.
Thanks for coming.
Thank you.
CHIBS: It's been
over an hour, Jackie.
What do you want to do, pres?
(vehicle approaching)
Is that him?
JAX: I don't know.
Where's the Rolls?
My name is Moses Cartwright.
I'm the head of
Mr. Marks' security team.
And where is he?
His reply to your
request is in the package.
I really admire your level
of camaraderie.
I can see how brotherhood
is important to all of you.
You guys have a good evening.
♪ ♪
(engine starting)
(Bobby groaning over speakers)
(screaming)
(growling)
(Bobby growling)
♪ ♪
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org